README.md, before:

# Acknowledgements
Took a lot of inspiration for the front-end from Pingers like: https://up.Coding398.dev and https://up.terminatorfishstudios.com. Also learnt about '<a href="https://zink.tips/">zink</a>' there

Also took inspiration from up.may-be.gay for the login page. I ended up making an entire system for it with repl owner checks etc. And that was stolen from my personal website project: [raadsel.is-a.dev](https://raadsel.is-a.dev)

Also took a lot of CSS from my other project: [raadsel.is-a.dev](https://raadsel.is-a.dev)

Used https://dillinger.io to create the FAQ pdf from Markdown

# License
This project is licensed under [`the Apache License, Version 2.0`](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)


```
Copyright 2022 Raadsel

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

Commit message:

API update, stats update, back-end improvements and a beginning for faster pinging...

README.md, after:

# info
A not really light-weighted pinger. It works tough!
10 seconds countdown
+ awesome stats page & API
For me:
data/pings = allpings, goodpings, badpings, totalpings, time between pings

# Acknowledgements
Took a lot of inspiration for the front-end from Pingers like: [up.Coding398.dev](https://up.Coding398.dev) and [up.terminatorfishstudios.com](https://up.terminatorfishstudios.com). Also learnt about '<a href="https://zink.tips/">zink</a>' <!--Woah you can use <a href in markdown??? Didnt know that!-->there

Also took inspiration from [up.may-be.gay](https://up.may-be.gay) for the login page. I ended up making an entire system for it with repl owner checks etc. And that was stolen from my personal website project: [raadsel.is-a.dev](https://raadsel.is-a.dev)

Also took a lot of CSS from my other project: [raadsel.is-a.dev](https://raadsel.is-a.dev)

Used [dillinger.io](https://dillinger.io) to create the FAQ pdf from Markdown

# License
This project is licensed under [`the Apache License, Version 2.0`](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)


```
Copyright 2022 Raadsel

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
